
This is just a memo.

Good morning. What could be the next step?

We are now able to move the stage, get single images from the camera and start matlab
from within Csharp. one thing we shouldn't be too sure about considers the exact way
how the camera image acquisition works. We just copied the example code. That's it.
At some point, we will have to read and and understand that part of the program. Because at
some point we will need to save and connect the images taken by the camera.
Which brings us to some of the deeper questions.
- How exactly should we save the images?
- How should we connect them? (we could write some sort of algorithm which tries to find the
same pixel row in 2 images.)

What else is there to do. We did quite some work. But there is still a lot to do.
We could try to save one of the incoming images as some kind of .bmp file. that would
be interesting. What else? try to connect the dots (rather images).

The first goal has to be the acquisition of good data!

We should read the heisei17 thing.

We did read the thing. It was interesting. The next thing has to be the image taking!!!

we need some kind of folder where we can save all those images!
we really want to save them as bmp. maybe even grayscale. But i am not sure about this.

How can we get the image data from the camera? we can display it, but how can we manipulate/save it?

it seems like we can use a function in the static Jai_FactoryWrapper library to save images.
we need to convert it first. For this job too, Jai_FactoryWrapper should be usable.

This is possible! That much I know. What I plan to do is possible. All that's left is doing it.
Figuring the shit out. Should't be that hard!

How are we doing? We need some kind of reality check!
I think it's going ok.
We are able to stream and save pictures.

a ROI option in the interface would ne nice, I guess.

How is this supposed to work?

We take a shitload of pictures and save them all. we need as many pictures as needed for 1 full round.
Then Matlab needs to come and help us.
Matlab will make them all grayscale!
And Matlab will connect them together.
in the end. we should get 1 long picture.

This long picture will be used for sound extraction.
but that would only be about 1 sec of sound.
we need to do the same for the rounds to come.

an interesting thing to know would be exactly how many pictures we need for 1 full round.
and how we should set up the ROI thing. 

so, let's try to make some kind of automatic image acquisition thing


















